README.md, before:

![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/treehousetechnology/react-typescript-s3-template/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)

# Getting Started with the React Cors Application

## Getting started

In the project directory, run the following command to install all modules:
`npm install`

then start the application locally using the following command:
`yarn start`

## Deploying to AWS

In order to deploy to AWS, you have to take the following steps:
1. Deploy the CloudFormation Template from the project (`react-cors-spa-stack.yaml`) using AWS CLI or AWS Console
2. Once your stack is deployed, from the "Output" tab, identify the S3 "Bucket" name
3. Build the (using `yarn build`) app for distribution
4. Upload the content of the `build` folder into the S3 bucket identified at step 2
5. Access the application through the CloudFront distribution created at step 1

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

`yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

`yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

`yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## License

This sample application is licensed under [the MIT-0 License](https://github.com/aws/mit-0).

Commit message:

Update README with deploy steps

README.md, after:

![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/treehousetechnology/react-typescript-s3-template/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)

# Getting Started with the React Cors Application

## Getting started

In the project directory, run the following command to install all modules:
`npm install`

then start the application locally using the following command:
`yarn start`

## Deploying to AWS

To deploy to AWS, there are two options:

- Manual deploy
- Automated deploy (via Github Actions)

Both deployment strategies require configuring your AWS stack with the provided `aws-stack.yaml` file.

Required steps:

1. Deploy the CloudFormation Template from the project (`react-cors-spa-stack.yaml`) using AWS CLI or AWS Console
2. Once your stack is deployed, from the "Output" tab, identify the "APIEndpoint" URL as well as the S3 "Bucket" name

From here, manual deployment steps:

1. Build the (using `yarn build`) app for distribution
2. Upload the content of the `build` folder into the S3 bucket identified at step 2
3. Access the application through the CloudFront distribution created at step 1

For automated deploy via Github Actions:

1. Add a new secret to your repository named `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` with the credentials of an IAM user with permissions to deploy CloudFormation stacks and upload content to S3.
2. Uncomment the last step in `.github/workflows/deploy.yml`. This will trigger a deployment to AWS every time a new commit is pushed to the `main` branch.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

`yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

`yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

`yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## License

This sample application is licensed under [the MIT-0 License](https://github.com/aws/mit-0).
